cyfmac43455-sdio.txt: Removed bt_mode argument (#15)
radxa-pkg/radxa-firmware: firmware/cypress/cyfmac43455-sdio.txt

#XTAL 37.4MHz
xtalfreq=37400

> #btc_mode=1

Reviewer: 既然注释了那加一些说明为什么注释掉这个功能

Author: 直接在 cyfmac43455-sdio.txt 里加吗？

Reviewer: 对

#XTAL 37.4MHz
xtalfreq=37400

#------------------------------------------------------

> # bt_mode: Setting the bt_mode parameter to 1 enables Wi-Fi and BT coexistence.
> #          However, when setting this parameter, the network will drop to 0.
> #          Annotated bt_mode parameter to improve WIFI network data streaming issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# btc_mode: Setting btc_mode to 1 to enable Wi-Fi and BT coexistence.
#          However, Wi-Fi connectivity issue was discovered with this option set.
#          Disable this option for now.
```

#XTAL 37.4MHz
xtalfreq=37400

> btc_mode=1

Reviewer 2: 用注释是否会好一点，以后有问题恢复比较方便
